Explain the rationale behind the enhancements you make for Q2(b) and Q2(c) and cite any papers you have consulted in this file.
Also, summarize your final choice of selection and backpropogation strategies for the competitive portion in (d).  

(b) Your selection strategy
	The selection strategy I chose was to use the default selection strategy given. The reason I decided to stick with
	the current selection strategy was because I could not determine a way to better select the paths. For my algorithm,
	it would benefit greatly from having the best paths picked for each MCTS iteration - but unfortunately my research did 
	not reveal a better selection strategy (that I was able to implement) than the default. 
	
(c) Your backpropagation strategy
	The strategy I used for backpropagation was the Couetoux MCTS backup algorithm [1]. I chose this algorithm primarily
	because I was short on time for the lab (this algorithm being the second easiest suggested in lecture). This algorithm
	is a slight modification on the default backpropagation algorithm, the key difference being that instead of looking at
	the reward value on a node by node basis, we are summing the reward of path. This is more accurate than the base model
	as we are able to look at probable paths as a whole and not just look at singular node values (that could be outliers).

(d) Your overall strategy
	My overall strategy was to just learn as much as possible with regards to the material. I may have not implemented one 
	of the harder algorithms (and I pay for with with my avg reward amount), but felt I learned a lot. With regards to the AI
	I did not really have a strategy, as the AI I implemented was suboptimal. I ended up with a respectable -154. I selected 
	the backprop. algorithm as I felt that I had a better grasp on it than the others (obviously) and with the limited amount 
	of time I had, it was the best option. I chose the default selection algo, I chose this as I was not able to find a algo
	that was more optimal for finding better paths (that I would be able to implement).
	
	
[References]

[1]	Couetoux, A. 2013. Monte Carlo Tree Search for Continuous and Stochastic Sequential Decision MakingProblems. 
	Theses, Universit ́eParis Sud -Paris XI, https: //tel.archives-ouvertes.fr/tel-00927252
